\section{Business Goals}

The goal of the business is to provide customers with reliable, fast
and relevant public transportation services, all whilst making the
running costs (infrastructure, staff, etc.) as low as possible to
ensure as much profit as possible.

\medskip

In order to make the service fast and relevant, the company tracks
what stops seem to be the most used by customers, either through
driver feedback or through the use of the website, and sees what
sections and portions of the main lines are used the most at certain
times of the day, adapting the routes and services available at peak
times of the day according to the user needs (examples of adaptation
would be school holiday timetables and term timetables, or not
running the whole line at certain times of the day).

\medskip

To make sure that the service is reliable, it constantly verifies if
the rotas are properly allocated (no drivers assigned to two
different routes at the same time), checks against traffic patterns
and provisions the time that it takes to go between two stops,
reflecting that difference in the timetable.

\medskip

To avoid costs, the company makes sure that all the drivers have
their hours allocated properly (not making less or more hours than
what they are contracted for), as well as some other systems that
are used to make the service fast and reliable (an example would be
the adaptation of the lines and routes to the time of the day, by
not having too many buses running at a time where they aren't
needed).

\medskip

To provide a better service to their customers, the company now
wants to provide the customers with an online service where they can
see the updated timetables for their favourite services at all
times, provide staff with a service that makes it easier for them to
update the timetables and make rotas, where all the information is
centralized and where the computer systems eliminate the tedious
work of consistency check.
